Simplify parallel accession download workflow (#395)
galaxyproject/iwc: workflows/data-fetching/parallel-accession-download/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [0.1.12] 2024-04-16

> ### Skip param file generation
> 
> - instead pass ID file directly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Changed

- Remove unnecessary param_value_from_file step and directly pass file with identifiers to fasterqdump
```
